net/micode/notes/model/WorkingNote.java
 net.micode.notes.model.WorkingNote
 net.micode.notes.model.WorkingNote$NoteSettingChangedListener
net/micode/notes/gtask/data/Task.java
 net.micode.notes.gtask.data.Task
net/micode/notes/gtask/data/MetaData.java
 net.micode.notes.gtask.data.MetaData
net/micode/notes/databinding/NoteEditBinding.java
 net.micode.notes.databinding.NoteEditBinding
net/micode/notes/gtask/data/TaskList.java
 net.micode.notes.gtask.data.TaskList
net/micode/notes/model/Note.java
 net.micode.notes.model.Note
 net.micode.notes.model.Note$NoteData
net/micode/notes/ui/NotesPreferenceActivity.java
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesPreferenceActivity
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesPreferenceActivity$1
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesPreferenceActivity$2
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesPreferenceActivity$3
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesPreferenceActivity$4
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesPreferenceActivity$5
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesPreferenceActivity$6
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesPreferenceActivity$7
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesPreferenceActivity$8
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesPreferenceActivity$GTaskReceiver
net/micode/notes/databinding/Widget4xBinding.java
 net.micode.notes.databinding.Widget4xBinding
net/micode/notes/databinding/NoteListFooterBinding.java
 net.micode.notes.databinding.NoteListFooterBinding
net/micode/notes/databinding/Widget2xBinding.java
 net.micode.notes.databinding.Widget2xBinding
net/micode/notes/databinding/NoteItemBinding.java
 net.micode.notes.databinding.NoteItemBinding
net/micode/notes/ui/NoteEditText.java
 net.micode.notes.ui.NoteEditText
 net.micode.notes.ui.NoteEditText$1
 net.micode.notes.ui.NoteEditText$2
 net.micode.notes.ui.NoteEditText$OnTextViewChangeListener
net/micode/notes/BuildConfig.java
 net.micode.notes.BuildConfig
net/micode/notes/gtask/remote/GTaskSyncService.java
 net.micode.notes.gtask.remote.GTaskSyncService
 net.micode.notes.gtask.remote.GTaskSyncService$1
net/micode/notes/gtask/data/Node.java
 net.micode.notes.gtask.data.Node
net/micode/notes/ui/NotesListActivity.java
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListActivity
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListActivity$1
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListActivity$10
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListActivity$11
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListActivity$12
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListActivity$13
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListActivity$2
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListActivity$3
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListActivity$4
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListActivity$5
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListActivity$6
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListActivity$7
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListActivity$8
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListActivity$9
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListActivity$BackgroundQueryHandler
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListActivity$ListEditState
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListActivity$ModeCallback
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListActivity$ModeCallback$1
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListActivity$ModeCallback$2
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListActivity$NewNoteOnTouchListener
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListActivity$OnListItemClickListener
net/micode/notes/databinding/DialogEditTextBinding.java
 net.micode.notes.databinding.DialogEditTextBinding
net/micode/notes/databinding/NoteListBinding.java
 net.micode.notes.databinding.NoteListBinding
net/micode/notes/databinding/AddAccountTextBinding.java
 net.micode.notes.databinding.AddAccountTextBinding
net/micode/notes/ui/LoginActivity.java
 net.micode.notes.ui.LoginActivity
net/micode/notes/ui/NoteItemData.java
 net.micode.notes.ui.NoteItemData
net/micode/notes/gtask/exception/ActionFailureException.java
 net.micode.notes.gtask.exception.ActionFailureException
net/micode/notes/ui/NoteEditActivity.java
 net.micode.notes.ui.NoteEditActivity
 net.micode.notes.ui.NoteEditActivity$1
 net.micode.notes.ui.NoteEditActivity$2
 net.micode.notes.ui.NoteEditActivity$3
 net.micode.notes.ui.NoteEditActivity$4
 net.micode.notes.ui.NoteEditActivity$5
 net.micode.notes.ui.NoteEditActivity$6
 net.micode.notes.ui.NoteEditActivity$HeadViewHolder
net/micode/notes/databinding/NoteListDropdownMenuBinding.java
 net.micode.notes.databinding.NoteListDropdownMenuBinding
net/micode/notes/ui/DateTimePicker.java
 net.micode.notes.ui.DateTimePicker
 net.micode.notes.ui.DateTimePicker$1
 net.micode.notes.ui.DateTimePicker$2
 net.micode.notes.ui.DateTimePicker$3
 net.micode.notes.ui.DateTimePicker$4
 net.micode.notes.ui.DateTimePicker$OnDateTimeChangedListener
net/micode/notes/data/NotesProvider.java
 net.micode.notes.data.NotesProvider
net/micode/notes/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 net.micode.notes.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
net/micode/notes/tool/GTaskStringUtils.java
 net.micode.notes.tool.GTaskStringUtils
net/micode/notes/gtask/remote/GTaskManager.java
 net.micode.notes.gtask.remote.GTaskManager
net/micode/notes/gtask/remote/GTaskClient.java
 net.micode.notes.gtask.remote.GTaskClient
net/micode/notes/ui/AlarmAlertActivity.java
 net.micode.notes.ui.AlarmAlertActivity
net/micode/notes/tool/BackupUtils.java
 net.micode.notes.tool.BackupUtils
 net.micode.notes.tool.BackupUtils$TextExport
net/micode/notes/databinding/NoteEditListItemBinding.java
 net.micode.notes.databinding.NoteEditListItemBinding
net/micode/notes/widget/NoteWidgetProvider.java
 net.micode.notes.widget.NoteWidgetProvider
net/micode/notes/ui/DateTimePickerDialog.java
 net.micode.notes.ui.DateTimePickerDialog
 net.micode.notes.ui.DateTimePickerDialog$1
 net.micode.notes.ui.DateTimePickerDialog$OnDateTimeSetListener
net/micode/notes/gtask/remote/GTaskASyncTask.java
 net.micode.notes.gtask.remote.GTaskASyncTask
 net.micode.notes.gtask.remote.GTaskASyncTask$1
 net.micode.notes.gtask.remote.GTaskASyncTask$OnCompleteListener
net/micode/notes/data/Notes.java
 net.micode.notes.data.Notes
 net.micode.notes.data.Notes$CallNote
 net.micode.notes.data.Notes$DataColumns
 net.micode.notes.data.Notes$DataConstants
 net.micode.notes.data.Notes$NoteColumns
 net.micode.notes.data.Notes$TextNote
net/micode/notes/ui/AlarmReceiver.java
 net.micode.notes.ui.AlarmReceiver
net/micode/notes/tool/ResourceParser.java
 net.micode.notes.tool.ResourceParser
 net.micode.notes.tool.ResourceParser$NoteBgResources
 net.micode.notes.tool.ResourceParser$NoteItemBgResources
 net.micode.notes.tool.ResourceParser$TextAppearanceResources
 net.micode.notes.tool.ResourceParser$WidgetBgResources
net/micode/notes/widget/NoteWidgetProvider_4x.java
 net.micode.notes.widget.NoteWidgetProvider_4x
net/micode/notes/gtask/exception/NetworkFailureException.java
 net.micode.notes.gtask.exception.NetworkFailureException
net/micode/notes/ui/AlarmInitReceiver.java
 net.micode.notes.ui.AlarmInitReceiver
net/micode/notes/ui/FoldersListAdapter.java
 net.micode.notes.ui.FoldersListAdapter
 net.micode.notes.ui.FoldersListAdapter$FolderListItem
net/micode/notes/ui/NotesListItem.java
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListItem
net/micode/notes/data/NotesDatabaseHelper.java
 net.micode.notes.data.NotesDatabaseHelper
 net.micode.notes.data.NotesDatabaseHelper$TABLE
net/micode/notes/tool/DataUtils.java
 net.micode.notes.tool.DataUtils
net/micode/notes/gtask/data/SqlNote.java
 net.micode.notes.gtask.data.SqlNote
net/micode/notes/widget/NoteWidgetProvider_2x.java
 net.micode.notes.widget.NoteWidgetProvider_2x
net/micode/notes/databinding/ActicityWordBinding.java
 net.micode.notes.databinding.ActicityWordBinding
net/micode/notes/ui/DropdownMenu.java
 net.micode.notes.ui.DropdownMenu
 net.micode.notes.ui.DropdownMenu$1
net/micode/notes/ui/NotesListAdapter.java
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListAdapter
 net.micode.notes.ui.NotesListAdapter$AppWidgetAttribute
net/micode/notes/databinding/AccountDialogTitleBinding.java
 net.micode.notes.databinding.AccountDialogTitleBinding
net/micode/notes/databinding/DatetimePickerBinding.java
 net.micode.notes.databinding.DatetimePickerBinding
net/micode/notes/databinding/SettingsHeaderBinding.java
 net.micode.notes.databinding.SettingsHeaderBinding
net/micode/notes/ui/SplashActivity.java
 net.micode.notes.ui.SplashActivity
 net.micode.notes.ui.SplashActivity$1
 net.micode.notes.ui.SplashActivity$2
net/micode/notes/data/Contact.java
 net.micode.notes.data.Contact
net/micode/notes/gtask/data/SqlData.java
 net.micode.notes.gtask.data.SqlData
net/micode/notes/databinding/FolderListItemBinding.java
 net.micode.notes.databinding.FolderListItemBinding
